Expand category by navigation (#3326)
SAP/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->
> **NOTE:** You can translate Luigi internal messages by providing translation for [these keys](../core/src/utilities/defaultLuigiTranslationTable.js).

### expandCategoryByNavigation
- **type**: boolean

> - **description** expands the category if one of the children is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description** if you have a [category](https://docs.luigi-project.io/docs/navigation-parameters-reference/?section=category) set to `collapsible`, you can set this parameter to `true` in order to expand the category when navigating to one of its children.
```
